ch/njol/skript/config/VoidNode.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.VoidNode
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprInventory.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprInventory
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprInventory$1
ch/njol/skript/config/OptionSection.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.OptionSection
ch/njol/skript/command/CommandEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.command.CommandEvent
ch/njol/skript/tests/runner/TestTracker.java
 ch.njol.skript.tests.runner.TestTracker
ch/njol/skript/aliases/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.package-info
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffOpenBook.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffOpenBook
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsBlock.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsBlock
ch/njol/skript/util/slot/InventorySlot.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.slot.InventorySlot
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondContains.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondContains
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondContains$CheckType
ch/njol/skript/util/ListVariablePersistentDataType.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.ListVariablePersistentDataType
ch/njol/yggdrasil/xml/YggXMLOutputStream.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.xml.YggXMLOutputStream
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.xml.YggXMLOutputStream$1
ch/njol/skript/util/DamageCauseUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.DamageCauseUtils
ch/njol/skript/log/ParseLogHandler.java
 ch.njol.skript.log.ParseLogHandler
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffMakeFly.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffMakeFly
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprReversedList.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprReversedList
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprSpawnerType.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSpawnerType
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSpawnerType$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprValue.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprValue
ch/njol/skript/entity/CreeperData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.CreeperData
ch/njol/skript/log/ErrorQuality.java
 ch.njol.skript.log.ErrorQuality
ch/njol/skript/util/Timespan.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.Timespan
 ch.njol.skript.util.Timespan$1
ch/njol/skript/classes/SerializableGetter.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.SerializableGetter
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprMe.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMe
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondHasScoreboardTag.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondHasScoreboardTag
ch/njol/skript/tests/platform/PlatformMain.java
 ch.njol.skript.tests.platform.PlatformMain
ch/njol/skript/util/Getter.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.Getter
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprNumbers.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprNumbers
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprNumbers$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprNumbers$2
ch/njol/util/coll/iterator/SingleItemIterator.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.iterator.SingleItemIterator
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprItems.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprItems
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprItems$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprItems$2
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprItems$3
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsCharged.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsCharged
ch/njol/skript/classes/data/SkriptClasses.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$1
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$10
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$11
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$12
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$13
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$14
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$15
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$16
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$17
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$18
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$19
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$2
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$20
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$21
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$22
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$23
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$24
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$25
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$3
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$4
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$5
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$6
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$7
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$8
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.SkriptClasses$9
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLeashHolder.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLeashHolder
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprExplosionYield.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprExplosionYield
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprExplosionYield$1
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsFuel.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsFuel
ch/njol/skript/entity/SkeletonData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.SkeletonData
ch/njol/skript/lang/Variable.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.Variable
 ch.njol.skript.lang.Variable$1
 ch.njol.skript.lang.Variable$2
 ch.njol.skript.lang.Variable$3
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprEnderChest.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEnderChest
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprGlidingState.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprGlidingState
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtBlock.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtBlock
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtBlock$1
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtBlock$2
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtExperienceSpawn.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtExperienceSpawn
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtExperienceSpawn$1
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtExperienceSpawn$2
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffToggleFlight.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffToggleFlight
ch/njol/skript/entity/MinecartData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.MinecartData
 ch.njol.skript.entity.MinecartData$MinecartType
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondDate.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondDate
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffSendTitle.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffSendTitle
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprOpenedInventory.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprOpenedInventory
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprOpenedInventory$1
ch/njol/skript/events/util/PlayerChatEventHandler.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.util.PlayerChatEventHandler
 ch.njol.skript.events.util.PlayerChatEventHandler$1
 ch.njol.skript.events.util.PlayerChatEventHandler$2
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprBed.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprBed
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprOnlinePlayersCount.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprOnlinePlayersCount
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprOnlinePlayersCount$1
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtChat.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtChat
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtChat$1
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtChat$1$1
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsInWorld.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsInWorld
ch/njol/skript/classes/ConfigurationSerializer.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.ConfigurationSerializer
ch/njol/skript/lang/DefaultExpression.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.DefaultExpression
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffOp.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffOp
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprEntityTamer.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEntityTamer
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEntityTamer$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprEntityAttribute.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEntityAttribute
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEntityAttribute$1
ch/njol/skript/util/Color.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.Color
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtEntity.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtEntity
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprStringCase.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprStringCase
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprClicked.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprClicked
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprClicked$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprClicked$ClickableType
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLastSpawnedEntity.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLastSpawnedEntity
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprDistance.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprDistance
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffConnect.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffConnect
ch/njol/skript/lang/function/Parameter.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.function.Parameter
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondCanHold.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondCanHold
ch/njol/skript/lang/SkriptEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.SkriptEvent
ch/njol/skript/tests/TestResults.java
 ch.njol.skript.tests.TestResults
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprPassenger.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPassenger
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPassenger$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPassenger$2
ch/njol/skript/config/validate/ParsedEntryValidator.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.validate.ParsedEntryValidator
ch/njol/skript/doc/RequiredPlugins.java
 ch.njol.skript.doc.RequiredPlugins
ch/njol/yggdrasil/xml/YggXMLInputStream.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.xml.YggXMLInputStream
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.xml.YggXMLInputStream$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprFurnaceSlot.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFurnaceSlot
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFurnaceSlot$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFurnaceSlot$FurnaceEventSlot
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondMatches.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondMatches
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffExplodeCreeper.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffExplodeCreeper
ch/njol/skript/doc/HTMLGenerator.java
 ch.njol.skript.doc.HTMLGenerator
 ch.njol.skript.doc.HTMLGenerator$1
 ch.njol.skript.doc.HTMLGenerator$AnnotatedComparator
 ch.njol.skript.doc.HTMLGenerator$ClassInfoComparator
 ch.njol.skript.doc.HTMLGenerator$EventComparator
 ch.njol.skript.doc.HTMLGenerator$FunctionComparator
ch/njol/skript/log/BukkitLoggerFilter.java
 ch.njol.skript.log.BukkitLoggerFilter
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprItemFrameSlot.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprItemFrameSlot
ch/njol/skript/command/Argument.java
 ch.njol.skript.command.Argument
ch/njol/skript/doc/DocumentationId.java
 ch.njol.skript.doc.DocumentationId
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprPlayerlistHeaderFooter.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPlayerlistHeaderFooter
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPlayerlistHeaderFooter$1
ch/njol/skript/util/BlockUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.BlockUtils
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/ResidenceHook.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.ResidenceHook
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.ResidenceHook$ResidenceRegion
ch/njol/skript/events/util/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.util.package-info
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffBreakNaturally.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffBreakNaturally
ch/njol/skript/util/Direction.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.Direction
 ch.njol.skript.util.Direction$1
ch/njol/skript/update/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.update.package-info
ch/njol/skript/entity/BoatData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.BoatData
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/BiomeMappings.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.BiomeMappings
ch/njol/skript/entity/SheepData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.SheepData
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffPlaySound.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffPlaySound
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprHiddenPlayers.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprHiddenPlayers
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsSprinting.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsSprinting
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffExit.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffExit
ch/njol/skript/util/FileUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.FileUtils
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprFlightMode.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFlightMode
ch/njol/skript/conditions/base/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.base.package-info
ch/njol/skript/util/Task.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.Task
ch/njol/util/coll/iterator/ReversedListIterator.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.iterator.ReversedListIterator
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/PreciousStonesHook.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.PreciousStonesHook
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.PreciousStonesHook$PreciousStonesRegion
ch/njol/skript/SkriptAPIException.java
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptAPIException
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVectorCrossProduct.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorCrossProduct
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsSneaking.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsSneaking
ch/njol/skript/classes/Converter.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Converter
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Converter$ConverterInfo
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Converter$ConverterUtils
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Converter$ConverterUtils$1
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Converter$ConverterUtils$2
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Converter$ConverterUtils$3
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffSendResourcePack.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffSendResourcePack
ch/njol/skript/localization/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.localization.package-info
ch/njol/util/Checker.java
 ch.njol.util.Checker
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVectorFromXYZ.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorFromXYZ
ch/njol/skript/entity/DroppedItemData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.DroppedItemData
ch/njol/skript/util/chat/MessageComponent.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.MessageComponent
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.MessageComponent$BooleanSerializer
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.MessageComponent$ClickEvent
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.MessageComponent$ClickEvent$Action
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.MessageComponent$HoverEvent
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.MessageComponent$HoverEvent$Action
ch/njol/skript/hooks/Hook.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.Hook
ch/njol/skript/entity/ThrownPotionData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.ThrownPotionData
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVectorXYZ.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorXYZ
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorXYZ$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLength.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLength
ch/njol/skript/config/ConfigReader.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.ConfigReader
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprAppliedEnchantments.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprAppliedEnchantments
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprAppliedEnchantments$1
ch/njol/yggdrasil/JRESerializer.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.JRESerializer
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffBan.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffBan
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondDamageCause.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondDamageCause
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprPortal.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPortal
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondHasClientWeather.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondHasClientWeather
ch/njol/yggdrasil/Tag.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.Tag
ch/njol/skript/expressions/base/PropertyExpression.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.base.PropertyExpression
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsWearing.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsWearing
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffSuppressWarnings.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffSuppressWarnings
ch/njol/skript/Metrics.java
 ch.njol.skript.Metrics
 ch.njol.skript.Metrics$1
 ch.njol.skript.Metrics$1$1
 ch.njol.skript.Metrics$2
 ch.njol.skript.Metrics$AdvancedBarChart
 ch.njol.skript.Metrics$AdvancedMapChart
 ch.njol.skript.Metrics$AdvancedPie
 ch.njol.skript.Metrics$Country
 ch.njol.skript.Metrics$CustomChart
 ch.njol.skript.Metrics$MultiLineChart
 ch.njol.skript.Metrics$SimpleBarChart
 ch.njol.skript.Metrics$SimpleMapChart
 ch.njol.skript.Metrics$SimplePie
 ch.njol.skript.Metrics$SingleLineChart
ch/njol/skript/log/SkriptLogger.java
 ch.njol.skript.log.SkriptLogger
 ch.njol.skript.log.SkriptLogger$1
ch/njol/skript/log/HandlerList.java
 ch.njol.skript.log.HandlerList
ch/njol/util/coll/CollectionUtils.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.CollectionUtils
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprItem.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprItem
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprItem$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprEnchantmentExpCosts.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEnchantmentExpCosts
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEnchantmentExpCosts$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprPermissions.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPermissions
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/conditions/CondIsMember.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.conditions.CondIsMember
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.conditions.CondIsMember$1
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.conditions.CondIsMember$1$1
ch/njol/skript/lang/function/SimpleJavaFunction.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.function.SimpleJavaFunction
ch/njol/skript/classes/Parser.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Parser
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Parser$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprFinalDamage.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFinalDamage
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondPlayedBefore.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondPlayedBefore
ch/njol/yggdrasil/Fields.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.Fields
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.Fields$FieldContext
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffLoadServerIcon.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffLoadServerIcon
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprSeaLevel.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSeaLevel
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtClick.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtClick
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtClick$1
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtClick$2
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtClick$3
ch/njol/skript/expressions/arithmetic/NumberExpressionInfo.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.arithmetic.NumberExpressionInfo
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprFacing.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFacing
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsSolid.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsSolid
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsRiptiding.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsRiptiding
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprHotbarSlot.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprHotbarSlot
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprUnixDate.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprUnixDate
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprTeleportCause.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTeleportCause
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/conditions/CondRegionContains.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.conditions.CondRegionContains
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.conditions.CondRegionContains$1
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.conditions.CondRegionContains$1$1
ch/njol/skript/doc/Name.java
 ch.njol.skript.doc.Name
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprTool.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTool
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTool$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTool$1$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTool$1$2
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprRandomUUID.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprRandomUUID
ch/njol/skript/command/ScriptCommandEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.command.ScriptCommandEvent
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVectorSpherical.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorSpherical
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLevelProgress.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLevelProgress
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLevelProgress$1
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/conditions/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.conditions.package-info
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsPassable.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsPassable
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsOnline.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsOnline
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprHealth.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprHealth
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprHealth$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprHealth$2
ch/njol/skript/classes/data/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.package-info
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffSwingHand.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffSwingHand
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprWhitelist.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprWhitelist
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprWhitelist$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprMaxHealth.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMaxHealth
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMaxHealth$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVectorRandom.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorRandom
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprMaxDurability.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMaxDurability
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffMessage.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffMessage
ch/njol/skript/util/Experience.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.Experience
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprProjectileCriticalState.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprProjectileCriticalState
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprTamer.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTamer
ch/njol/skript/util/visual/VisualEffect.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.visual.VisualEffect
ch/njol/skript/doc/Documentation.java
 ch.njol.skript.doc.Documentation
 ch.njol.skript.doc.Documentation$1
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/BurgerHelper.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.BurgerHelper
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.BurgerHelper$Blocks
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.BurgerHelper$Burger
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.BurgerHelper$ItemOrBlock
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.BurgerHelper$Items
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.BurgerHelper$Source
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprExplodedBlocks.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprExplodedBlocks
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/expressions/ExprMembersOfRegion.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.expressions.ExprMembersOfRegion
ch/njol/skript/lang/function/Signature.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.function.Signature
ch/njol/skript/util/EmptyStacktraceException.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.EmptyStacktraceException
ch/njol/skript/util/BlockSphereIterator.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.BlockSphereIterator
 ch.njol.skript.util.BlockSphereIterator$1
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondItemInHand.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondItemInHand
ch/njol/skript/util/chat/BungeeConverter.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.BungeeConverter
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondAlphanumeric.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondAlphanumeric
ch/njol/skript/util/visual/VisualEffectType.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.visual.VisualEffectType
ch/njol/skript/expressions/LitAt.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.LitAt
ch/njol/skript/classes/Arithmetic.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Arithmetic
ch/njol/skript/aliases/ItemFlags.java
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.ItemFlags
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLocationAt.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLocationAt
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprSpawn.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSpawn
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSpawn$1
ch/njol/skript/localization/Noun.java
 ch.njol.skript.localization.Noun
 ch.njol.skript.localization.Noun$1
ch/njol/skript/events/bukkit/SkriptStopEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.bukkit.SkriptStopEvent
ch/njol/skript/Skript.java
 ch.njol.skript.Skript
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$1
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$10
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$11
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$12
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$13
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$14
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$15
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$16
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$17
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$2
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$3
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$4
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$5
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$6
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$7
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$8
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$1$9
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$2
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$2$1
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$3
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$4
 ch.njol.skript.Skript$5
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLastResourcePackResponse.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLastResourcePackResponse
ch/njol/skript/entity/VillagerData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.VillagerData
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprChatFormat.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprChatFormat
ch/njol/skript/util/ScriptOptions.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.ScriptOptions
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffContinue.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffContinue
ch/njol/skript/events/bukkit/SkriptStartEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.bukkit.SkriptStartEvent
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprDurability.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprDurability
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprDurability$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffTree.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffTree
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffFireworkLaunch.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffFireworkLaunch
ch/njol/skript/util/DelayedChangeBlock.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.DelayedChangeBlock
 ch.njol.skript.util.DelayedChangeBlock$1
 ch.njol.skript.util.DelayedChangeBlock$2
 ch.njol.skript.util.DelayedChangeBlock$3
 ch.njol.skript.util.DelayedChangeBlock$4
 ch.njol.skript.util.DelayedChangeBlock$5
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/HealthUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.HealthUtils
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprParseError.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprParseError
ch/njol/skript/util/SingleVariablePersistentDataType.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.SingleVariablePersistentDataType
ch/njol/util/coll/iterator/SingleItemIterable.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.iterator.SingleItemIterable
ch/njol/skript/effects/Delay.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.Delay
 ch.njol.skript.effects.Delay$1
ch/njol/skript/events/bukkit/ScriptEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.bukkit.ScriptEvent
ch/njol/yggdrasil/YggdrasilOutputStream.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.YggdrasilOutputStream
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.YggdrasilOutputStream$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffCancelCooldown.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffCancelCooldown
ch/njol/skript/localization/Language.java
 ch.njol.skript.localization.Language
 ch.njol.skript.localization.Language$LanguageListenerPriority
ch/njol/skript/expressions/arithmetic/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.arithmetic.package-info
ch/njol/skript/localization/FormattedMessage.java
 ch.njol.skript.localization.FormattedMessage
ch/njol/skript/log/ErrorDescLogHandler.java
 ch.njol.skript.log.ErrorDescLogHandler
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffToggle.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffToggle
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprSkull.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSkull
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondCanFly.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondCanFly
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprProjectileBounceState.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprProjectileBounceState
ch/njol/skript/util/Slot.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.Slot
ch/njol/util/coll/iterator/IteratorIterable.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.iterator.IteratorIterable
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/events/RegionBorderEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.events.RegionBorderEvent
ch/njol/skript/lang/util/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.util.package-info
ch/njol/skript/update/ReleaseManifest.java
 ch.njol.skript.update.ReleaseManifest
 ch.njol.skript.update.ReleaseManifest$ClassSerializer
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondPvP.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondPvP
ch/njol/skript/lang/ExpressionList.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.ExpressionList
 ch.njol.skript.lang.ExpressionList$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprCommandInfo.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprCommandInfo
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprCommandInfo$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprCommandInfo$InfoType
ch/njol/skript/tests/runner/EvtTestCase.java
 ch.njol.skript.tests.runner.EvtTestCase
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprDropsOfBlock.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprDropsOfBlock
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprEnchantmentLevel.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEnchantmentLevel
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEnchantmentLevel$1
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/events/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.events.package-info
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVectorCylindrical.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorCylindrical
ch/njol/skript/variables/DatabaseStorage.java
 ch.njol.skript.variables.DatabaseStorage
 ch.njol.skript.variables.DatabaseStorage$1
 ch.njol.skript.variables.DatabaseStorage$2
 ch.njol.skript.variables.DatabaseStorage$3
 ch.njol.skript.variables.DatabaseStorage$4
 ch.njol.skript.variables.DatabaseStorage$5
 ch.njol.skript.variables.DatabaseStorage$6
 ch.njol.skript.variables.DatabaseStorage$7
 ch.njol.skript.variables.DatabaseStorage$Type
 ch.njol.skript.variables.DatabaseStorage$Type$1
 ch.njol.skript.variables.DatabaseStorage$Type$2
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/EnchantmentUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.EnchantmentUtils
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsBlockRedstonePowered.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsBlockRedstonePowered
ch/njol/skript/entity/FishData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.FishData
ch/njol/skript/entity/LlamaData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.LlamaData
ch/njol/skript/classes/SerializableChecker.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.SerializableChecker
ch/njol/skript/expressions/arithmetic/ExprArithmetic.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.arithmetic.ExprArithmetic
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.arithmetic.ExprArithmetic$PatternInfo
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprMaxPlayers.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMaxPlayers
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMaxPlayers$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffLog.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffLog
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffLog$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffSilence.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffSilence
ch/njol/skript/hooks/economy/expressions/ExprBalance.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.economy.expressions.ExprBalance
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.economy.expressions.ExprBalance$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLanguage.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLanguage
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsSet.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsSet
ch/njol/util/coll/BidiMap.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.BidiMap
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsPluginEnabled.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsPluginEnabled
ch/njol/skript/util/Utils.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.Utils
 ch.njol.skript.util.Utils$1
 ch.njol.skript.util.Utils$2
 ch.njol.skript.util.Utils$3
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprRespawnLocation.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprRespawnLocation
ch/njol/skript/lang/function/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.function.package-info
ch/njol/skript/lang/function/JavaFunction.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.function.JavaFunction
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprBookTitle.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprBookTitle
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprHealAmount.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprHealAmount
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprHealAmount$1
ch/njol/skript/util/BiomeUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.BiomeUtils
ch/njol/skript/doc/Examples.java
 ch.njol.skript.doc.Examples
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprHash.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprHash
ch/njol/skript/classes/NumberArithmetic.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.NumberArithmetic
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprExhaustion.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprExhaustion
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprExhaustion$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprRelationalVariable.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprRelationalVariable
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprRelationalVariable$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprUsedItem.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprUsedItem
ch/njol/skript/util/slot/DroppedItemSlot.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.slot.DroppedItemSlot
ch/njol/skript/lang/SkriptEventInfo.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.SkriptEventInfo
ch/njol/skript/entity/PigData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.PigData
ch/njol/skript/classes/InverseComparator.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.InverseComparator
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffTeleport.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffTeleport
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtSkript.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtSkript
ch/njol/util/coll/package-info.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.package-info
ch/njol/util/SynchronizedReference.java
 ch.njol.util.SynchronizedReference
ch/njol/skript/entity/FoxData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.FoxData
ch/njol/skript/config/validate/SectionValidator.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.validate.SectionValidator
 ch.njol.skript.config.validate.SectionValidator$NodeInfo
ch/njol/skript/util/Date.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.Date
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprFireworkEffect.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFireworkEffect
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtMoveOn.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtMoveOn
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtMoveOn$1
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtMoveOn$2
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffKeepInventory.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffKeepInventory
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprSignText.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSignText
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSignText$1
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtGameMode.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtGameMode
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtGameMode$1
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondAI.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondAI
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsEdible.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsEdible
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/conditions/CondCanBuild.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.conditions.CondCanBuild
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.conditions.CondCanBuild$1
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.conditions.CondCanBuild$1$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprNamed.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprNamed
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprNamed$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprUUID.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprUUID
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprColorOf.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprColorOf
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprColorOf$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffStopSound.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffStopSound
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtFirstJoin.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtFirstJoin
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtItem.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtItem
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtItem$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprShuffledList.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprShuffledList
ch/njol/skript/util/BlockInventoryHolder.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.BlockInventoryHolder
ch/njol/skript/util/StringMode.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.StringMode
ch/njol/util/coll/iterator/CombinedIterator.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.iterator.CombinedIterator
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprTPS.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTPS
ch/njol/skript/lang/Testable.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.Testable
ch/njol/skript/util/slot/Slot.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.slot.Slot
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIncendiary.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIncendiary
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsSleeping.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsSleeping
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffLightning.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffLightning
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprBlockSphere.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprBlockSphere
ch/njol/skript/registrations/Classes.java
 ch.njol.skript.registrations.Classes
 ch.njol.skript.registrations.Classes$1
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondHasResourcePack.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondHasResourcePack
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLastDamageCause.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLastDamageCause
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLastDamageCause$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLastDamageCause$2
ch/njol/skript/util/chat/LinkParseMode.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.LinkParseMode
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprMaxStack.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMaxStack
ch/njol/skript/log/LogHandler.java
 ch.njol.skript.log.LogHandler
 ch.njol.skript.log.LogHandler$LogResult
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprBurnCookTime.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprBurnCookTime
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprBurnCookTime$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprIndices.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprIndices
ch/njol/skript/classes/data/BukkitEventValues.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$1
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$10
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$100
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$101
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$102
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$103
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$104
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$105
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$106
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$107
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$108
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$109
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$11
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$110
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$111
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$112
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$113
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$114
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$115
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$116
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$117
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$118
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$119
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$12
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$120
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$121
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$122
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$123
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$124
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$125
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$126
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$127
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$128
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$129
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$13
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$130
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$131
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$132
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$133
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$134
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$135
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$136
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$137
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$138
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$139
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$14
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$140
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$141
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$15
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$16
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$17
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$18
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$19
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$2
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$20
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$21
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$22
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$23
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$24
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$25
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$26
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$27
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$28
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$29
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$3
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$30
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$31
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$32
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$33
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$34
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$35
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$36
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$37
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$38
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$39
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$4
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$40
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$41
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$42
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$43
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$44
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$45
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$46
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$47
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$48
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$49
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$5
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$50
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$51
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$52
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$53
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$54
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$55
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$56
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$57
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$58
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$59
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$6
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$60
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$61
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$62
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$63
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$64
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$65
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$66
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$67
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$68
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$69
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$7
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$70
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$71
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$72
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$73
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$74
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$75
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$76
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$77
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$78
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$79
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$8
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$80
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$81
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$82
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$83
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$84
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$85
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$86
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$87
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$88
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$89
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$9
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$90
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$91
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$92
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$93
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$94
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$95
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$96
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$97
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$98
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitEventValues$99
ch/njol/skript/config/SectionNode.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.SectionNode
 ch.njol.skript.config.SectionNode$1
 ch.njol.skript.config.SectionNode$2
ch/njol/skript/lang/util/SimpleExpression.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.util.SimpleExpression
ch/njol/util/coll/iterator/ArrayIterator.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.iterator.ArrayIterator
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprSubstring.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSubstring
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprDamageCause.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprDamageCause
ch/njol/skript/update/ReleaseChannel.java
 ch.njol.skript.update.ReleaseChannel
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprProtocolVersion.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprProtocolVersion
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprChestInventory.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprChestInventory
ch/njol/skript/lang/Expression.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.Expression
ch/njol/skript/util/InventoryActions.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.InventoryActions
ch/njol/skript/events/bukkit/ExperienceSpawnEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.bukkit.ExperienceSpawnEvent
 ch.njol.skript.events.bukkit.ExperienceSpawnEvent$1
 ch.njol.skript.events.bukkit.ExperienceSpawnEvent$2
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprAI.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprAI
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprFilter.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFilter
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFilter$ExprInput
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/ClickEventTracker.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.ClickEventTracker
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.ClickEventTracker$TrackedEvent
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffEnchant.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffEnchant
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprBiome.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprBiome
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprBiome$1
ch/njol/yggdrasil/YggdrasilID.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.YggdrasilID
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffPlayerVisibility.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffPlayerVisibility
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffResetTitle.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffResetTitle
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprArmorSlot.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprArmorSlot
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprCursorSlot.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprCursorSlot
ch/njol/skript/lang/function/Function.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.function.Function
ch/njol/skript/hooks/biomes/BiomeHook.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.biomes.BiomeHook
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffInvulnerability.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffInvulnerability
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffStopServer.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffStopServer
ch/njol/util/coll/CyclicList.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.CyclicList
ch/njol/util/package-info.java
 ch.njol.util.package-info
ch/njol/skript/entity/XpOrbData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.XpOrbData
ch/njol/skript/variables/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.variables.package-info
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffChange.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffChange
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffChange$1
ch/njol/skript/lang/ParseContext.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.ParseContext
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtAtTime.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtAtTime
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtAtTime$1
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtAtTime$EvtAtInfo
ch/njol/yggdrasil/DefaultYggdrasilOutputStream.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.DefaultYggdrasilOutputStream
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.DefaultYggdrasilOutputStream$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprAttacker.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprAttacker
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondLeashed.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondLeashed
ch/njol/skript/lang/util/ConvertedExpression.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.util.ConvertedExpression
 ch.njol.skript.lang.util.ConvertedExpression$1
 ch.njol.skript.lang.util.ConvertedExpression$2
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffDrop.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffDrop
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprDamagedItem.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprDamagedItem
ch/njol/skript/variables/VariablesMap.java
 ch.njol.skript.variables.VariablesMap
 ch.njol.skript.variables.VariablesMap$1
ch/njol/skript/update/NoUpdateChecker.java
 ch.njol.skript.update.NoUpdateChecker
ch/njol/skript/lang/TriggerItem.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.TriggerItem
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/expressions/ExprRegion.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.expressions.ExprRegion
ch/njol/skript/hooks/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.package-info
ch/njol/skript/hooks/chat/expressions/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.chat.expressions.package-info
ch/njol/skript/util/PersistentDataUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.PersistentDataUtils
ch/njol/skript/hooks/permission/expressions/ExprGroup.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.permission.expressions.ExprGroup
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.permission.expressions.ExprGroup$1
ch/njol/skript/aliases/AliasesProvider.java
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.AliasesProvider
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.AliasesProvider$AliasName
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.AliasesProvider$Variation
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.AliasesProvider$VariationGroup
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/PassengerUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.PassengerUtils
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprTypeOf.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTypeOf
ch/njol/skript/localization/GeneralWords.java
 ch.njol.skript.localization.GeneralWords
ch/njol/skript/util/Time.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.Time
ch/njol/skript/classes/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.package-info
ch/njol/skript/entity/MooshroomData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.MooshroomData
ch/njol/skript/util/EnchantmentType.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.EnchantmentType
ch/njol/skript/entity/ZombieVillagerData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.ZombieVillagerData
ch/njol/skript/util/WeatherType.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.WeatherType
 ch.njol.skript.util.WeatherType$1
ch/njol/skript/entity/EntityType.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.EntityType
 ch.njol.skript.entity.EntityType$1
 ch.njol.skript.entity.EntityType$2
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprWorld.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprWorld
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprWorld$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLevel.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLevel
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLevel$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLevel$2
ch/njol/skript/lang/util/ConvertedLiteral.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.util.ConvertedLiteral
 ch.njol.skript.lang.util.ConvertedLiteral$1
ch/njol/yggdrasil/package-info.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.package-info
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsSwimming.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsSwimming
ch/njol/skript/config/validate/EnumEntryValidator.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.validate.EnumEntryValidator
ch/njol/skript/entity/EntityData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.EntityData
 ch.njol.skript.entity.EntityData$1
 ch.njol.skript.entity.EntityData$2
 ch.njol.skript.entity.EntityData$EntityDataInfo
ch/njol/yggdrasil/Yggdrasil.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.Yggdrasil
ch/njol/skript/ScriptLoader.java
 ch.njol.skript.ScriptLoader
 ch.njol.skript.ScriptLoader$AsyncLoaderThread
 ch.njol.skript.ScriptLoader$ParsedEventData
 ch.njol.skript.ScriptLoader$ScriptInfo
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprClientViewDistance.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprClientViewDistance
ch/njol/skript/command/EffectCommandEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.command.EffectCommandEvent
ch/njol/skript/localization/PluralizingArgsMessage.java
 ch.njol.skript.localization.PluralizingArgsMessage
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffExceptionDebug.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffExceptionDebug
ch/njol/skript/effects/mirre/EffScriptOptionLoops.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.mirre.EffScriptOptionLoops
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffColorItems.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffColorItems
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffColorItems$1
ch/njol/util/NonNullPair.java
 ch.njol.util.NonNullPair
ch/njol/skript/command/CommandHelp.java
 ch.njol.skript.command.CommandHelp
ch/njol/util/OpenCloseable.java
 ch.njol.util.OpenCloseable
 ch.njol.util.OpenCloseable$1
 ch.njol.util.OpenCloseable$2
ch/njol/skript/entity/PlayerData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.PlayerData
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprScript.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprScript
ch/njol/skript/hooks/chat/expressions/ExprPrefixSuffix.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.chat.expressions.ExprPrefixSuffix
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprAttacked.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprAttacked
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprUnbreakable.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprUnbreakable
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondChance.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondChance
ch/njol/skript/aliases/MatchQuality.java
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.MatchQuality
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffReturn.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffReturn
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLocationVectorOffset.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLocationVectorOffset
ch/njol/skript/util/SoundUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.SoundUtils
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprDamage.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprDamage
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprDamage$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffPoison.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffPoison
ch/njol/skript/lang/Debuggable.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.Debuggable
ch/njol/skript/classes/YggdrasilSerializer.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.YggdrasilSerializer
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprPotionEffects.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPotionEffects
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPotionEffects$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVectorBetweenLocations.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorBetweenLocations
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsInvulnerable.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsInvulnerable
ch/njol/skript/lang/Loop.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.Loop
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprOfflinePlayers.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprOfflinePlayers
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsPoisoned.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsPoisoned
ch/njol/skript/aliases/ItemType.java
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.ItemType
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.ItemType$1
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.ItemType$2
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.ItemType$3
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.ItemType$4
ch/njol/skript/log/RedirectingLogHandler.java
 ch.njol.skript.log.RedirectingLogHandler
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprRawName.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprRawName
ch/njol/skript/doc/Since.java
 ch.njol.skript.doc.Since
ch/njol/skript/expressions/arithmetic/Operator.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.arithmetic.Operator
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.arithmetic.Operator$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.arithmetic.Operator$2
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.arithmetic.Operator$3
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.arithmetic.Operator$4
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.arithmetic.Operator$5
ch/njol/util/NotifyingReference.java
 ch.njol.util.NotifyingReference
ch/njol/skript/aliases/ItemData.java
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.ItemData
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.ItemData$OldItemData
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffHidePlayerFromServerList.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffHidePlayerFromServerList
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffActionBar.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffActionBar
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprSpawnReason.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSpawnReason
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprEventExpression.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEventExpression
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsBurning.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsBurning
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtEntityBlockChange.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtEntityBlockChange
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtEntityBlockChange$ChangeEvent
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtEntityBlockChange$ChangeEvent$1
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtEntityBlockChange$ChangeEvent$2
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtEntityBlockChange$ChangeEvent$3
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtEntityBlockChange$ChangeEvent$4
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtEntityBlockChange$ChangeEvent$5
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtEntityBlockChange$ChangeEvent$6
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprMetadata.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMetadata
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMetadata$1
ch/njol/skript/localization/ArgsMessage.java
 ch.njol.skript.localization.ArgsMessage
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprRandom.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprRandom
ch/njol/skript/PatcherTool.java
 ch.njol.skript.PatcherTool
 ch.njol.skript.PatcherTool$Option
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprDrops.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprDrops
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprDrops$1
ch/njol/skript/tests/runner/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.tests.runner.package-info
ch/njol/skript/variables/SerializedVariable.java
 ch.njol.skript.variables.SerializedVariable
 ch.njol.skript.variables.SerializedVariable$Value
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprChatRecipients.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprChatRecipients
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprChatRecipients$1
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsInteractable.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsInteractable
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffRespawn.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffRespawn
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffRespawn$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprHotbarButton.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprHotbarButton
ch/njol/util/coll/iterator/StoppableIterator.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.iterator.StoppableIterator
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprMessage.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMessage
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMessage$MessageType
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMessage$MessageType$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMessage$MessageType$2
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMessage$MessageType$3
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMessage$MessageType$4
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffCancelEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffCancelEvent
ch/njol/skript/hooks/economy/classes/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.economy.classes.package-info
ch/njol/skript/util/ExceptionUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.ExceptionUtils
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprDirection.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprDirection
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprDifference.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprDifference
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLocationOf.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLocationOf
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffKick.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffKick
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLore.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLore
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLore$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprXOf.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprXOf
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprXOf$1
ch/njol/util/CaseInsensitiveString.java
 ch.njol.util.CaseInsensitiveString
ch/njol/util/Setter.java
 ch.njol.util.Setter
ch/njol/util/StringUtils.java
 ch.njol.util.StringUtils
ch/njol/skript/registrations/DefaultClasses.java
 ch.njol.skript.registrations.DefaultClasses
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondCompare.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondCompare
ch/njol/skript/lang/TriggerSection.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.TriggerSection
ch/njol/skript/entity/BeeData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.BeeData
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprFoodLevel.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFoodLevel
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFoodLevel$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFoodLevel$2
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprScoreboardTags.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprScoreboardTags
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprScoreboardTags$1
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondResourcePack.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondResourcePack
ch/njol/yggdrasil/FieldHandler.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.FieldHandler
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsOfType.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsOfType
ch/njol/skript/config/InvalidNode.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.InvalidNode
ch/njol/skript/localization/LanguageChangeListener.java
 ch.njol.skript.localization.LanguageChangeListener
ch/njol/skript/lang/function/EffFunctionCall.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.function.EffFunctionCall
ch/njol/skript/lang/util/ContainerExpression.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.util.ContainerExpression
 ch.njol.skript.lang.util.ContainerExpression$1
ch/njol/skript/hooks/economy/expressions/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.economy.expressions.package-info
ch/njol/skript/update/GithubChecker.java
 ch.njol.skript.update.GithubChecker
 ch.njol.skript.update.GithubChecker$1
 ch.njol.skript.update.GithubChecker$ResponseEntry
 ch.njol.skript.update.GithubChecker$ResponseEntry$AssetsEntry
 ch.njol.skript.update.GithubChecker$ResponseEntry$Author
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprCommandSender.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprCommandSender
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprOffTool.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprOffTool
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprOffTool$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprOffTool$1$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprOffTool$1$2
ch/njol/skript/config/validate/EntryValidator.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.validate.EntryValidator
ch/njol/skript/util/BlockLineIterator.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.BlockLineIterator
 ch.njol.skript.util.BlockLineIterator$1
 ch.njol.skript.util.BlockLineIterator$2
ch/njol/skript/localization/Adjective.java
 ch.njol.skript.localization.Adjective
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprGameMode.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprGameMode
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprGameMode$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprPlain.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPlain
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprWorlds.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprWorlds
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.package-info
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprHoverList.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprHoverList
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprHoverList$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprItemsIn.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprItemsIn
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprItemsIn$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLastDamage.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLastDamage
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLastDamage$1
ch/njol/skript/classes/data/DefaultChangers.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultChangers
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultChangers$1
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultChangers$2
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultChangers$3
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultChangers$4
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultChangers$5
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultChangers$6
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultChangers$7
ch/njol/skript/effects/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.package-info
ch/njol/skript/events/bukkit/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.bukkit.package-info
ch/njol/util/coll/iterator/EnumerationIterable.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.iterator.EnumerationIterable
 ch.njol.util.coll.iterator.EnumerationIterable$1
ch/njol/skript/registrations/Comparators.java
 ch.njol.skript.registrations.Comparators
 ch.njol.skript.registrations.Comparators$1
 ch.njol.skript.registrations.Comparators$ConvertedComparator
ch/njol/skript/entity/CatData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.CatData
ch/njol/skript/lang/Literal.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.Literal
ch/njol/skript/classes/ClassInfo.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.ClassInfo
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprBookPages.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprBookPages
ch/njol/skript/tests/platform/Environment.java
 ch.njol.skript.tests.platform.Environment
 ch.njol.skript.tests.platform.Environment$1
 ch.njol.skript.tests.platform.Environment$Resource
ch/njol/skript/util/PotionEffectUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.PotionEffectUtils
 ch.njol.skript.util.PotionEffectUtils$1
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/expressions/ExprBlocksInRegion.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.expressions.ExprBlocksInRegion
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.expressions.ExprBlocksInRegion$1
ch/njol/yggdrasil/PseudoEnum.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.PseudoEnum
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.PseudoEnum$Info
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprMOTD.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMOTD
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMOTD$1
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondHasCustomModelData.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondHasCustomModelData
ch/njol/skript/util/LiteralUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.LiteralUtils
ch/njol/skript/update/UpdateManifest.java
 ch.njol.skript.update.UpdateManifest
ch/njol/util/coll/iterator/ListRangeIterator.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.iterator.ListRangeIterator
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprTime.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTime
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTime$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTime$2
ch/njol/skript/lang/Unit.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.Unit
ch/njol/skript/lang/Conditional.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.Conditional
 ch.njol.skript.lang.Conditional$1
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtLevel.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtLevel
ch/njol/skript/events/bukkit/PreScriptLoadEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.bukkit.PreScriptLoadEvent
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprParse.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprParse
ch/njol/skript/config/EntryNode.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.EntryNode
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprInventoryInfo.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprInventoryInfo
ch/njol/skript/classes/VectorArithmethic.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.VectorArithmethic
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVectorFromYawAndPitch.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorFromYawAndPitch
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprExperience.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprExperience
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprExperience$1
ch/njol/util/Predicate.java
 ch.njol.util.Predicate
ch/njol/skript/util/BlockStateBlock.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.BlockStateBlock
 ch.njol.skript.util.BlockStateBlock$1
 ch.njol.skript.util.BlockStateBlock$2
 ch.njol.skript.util.BlockStateBlock$3
 ch.njol.skript.util.BlockStateBlock$4
 ch.njol.skript.util.BlockStateBlock$5
 ch.njol.skript.util.BlockStateBlock$6
 ch.njol.skript.util.BlockStateBlock$7
ch/njol/skript/doc/NoDoc.java
 ch.njol.skript.doc.NoDoc
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprTemperature.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTemperature
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprTimeState.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTimeState
ch/njol/util/Callback.java
 ch.njol.util.Callback
ch/njol/skript/lang/util/SimpleLiteral.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.util.SimpleLiteral
 ch.njol.skript.lang.util.SimpleLiteral$1
ch/njol/skript/classes/data/BukkitClasses.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$1
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$10
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$11
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$12
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$13
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$14
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$15
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$16
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$17
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$18
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$19
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$2
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$20
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$21
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$22
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$23
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$24
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$25
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$26
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$27
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$28
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$29
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$3
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$30
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$31
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$32
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$33
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$34
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$35
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$36
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$37
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$38
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$39
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$4
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$40
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$41
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$42
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$43
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$44
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$45
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$46
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$47
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$48
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$5
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$6
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$7
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$8
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.BukkitClasses$9
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprBookAuthor.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprBookAuthor
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsAlive.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsAlive
ch/njol/skript/variables/VariablesStorage.java
 ch.njol.skript.variables.VariablesStorage
 ch.njol.skript.variables.VariablesStorage$1
 ch.njol.skript.variables.VariablesStorage$2
ch/njol/skript/config/validate/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.validate.package-info
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprAmount.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprAmount
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVectorOfLocation.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorOfLocation
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/block/MagicBlockCompat.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.block.MagicBlockCompat
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.block.MagicBlockCompat$MagicBlockSetter
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.block.MagicBlockCompat$MagicBlockValues
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsSlimeChunk.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsSlimeChunk
ch/njol/skript/config/validate/NodeValidator.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.validate.NodeValidator
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVectorNormalize.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorNormalize
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondWeather.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondWeather
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprNoDamageTicks.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprNoDamageTicks
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprNoDamageTicks$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffPvP.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffPvP
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprHighestSolidBlock.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprHighestSolidBlock
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprRound.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprRound
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprRound$1
ch/njol/skript/lang/ExpressionType.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.ExpressionType
ch/njol/skript/classes/Changer.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Changer
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Changer$ChangeMode
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Changer$ChangerUtils
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtPeriodical.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtPeriodical
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtPeriodical$1
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtPeriodical$2
ch/njol/skript/conditions/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.package-info
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIgnitionProcess.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIgnitionProcess
ch/njol/skript/doc/Description.java
 ch.njol.skript.doc.Description
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLastAttacker.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLastAttacker
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprSeed.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSeed
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSeed$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffSpawn.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffSpawn
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffForceAttack.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffForceAttack
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/classes/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.classes.package-info
ch/njol/skript/util/chat/ChatMessages.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.ChatMessages
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.ChatMessages$1
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.ChatMessages$ComponentList
ch/njol/skript/expressions/base/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.base.package-info
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprEntity.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEntity
ch/njol/skript/util/chat/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.package-info
ch/njol/yggdrasil/util/JREFieldHandler.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.util.JREFieldHandler
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtWeatherChange.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtWeatherChange
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtWeatherChange$1
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsSilent.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsSilent
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondCancelled.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondCancelled
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVectorSquaredLength.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorSquaredLength
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsEmpty.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsEmpty
ch/njol/util/NullableChecker.java
 ch.njol.util.NullableChecker
 ch.njol.util.NullableChecker$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprBlock.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprBlock
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprBlock$1
ch/njol/skript/entity/SimpleEntityData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.SimpleEntityData
 ch.njol.skript.entity.SimpleEntityData$SimpleEntityDataInfo
ch/njol/skript/tests/runner/TestMode.java
 ch.njol.skript.tests.runner.TestMode
ch/njol/skript/localization/Message.java
 ch.njol.skript.localization.Message
 ch.njol.skript.localization.Message$1
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsFlying.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsFlying
ch/njol/skript/expressions/arithmetic/ArithmeticGettable.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.arithmetic.ArithmeticGettable
ch/njol/skript/classes/data/JavaClasses.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$1
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$10
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$11
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$12
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$13
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$14
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$15
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$16
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$17
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$18
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$19
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$2
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$3
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$4
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$5
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$6
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$7
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$8
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.JavaClasses$9
ch/njol/skript/log/LogEntry.java
 ch.njol.skript.log.LogEntry
ch/njol/util/coll/iterator/CheckedIterator.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.iterator.CheckedIterator
ch/njol/skript/timings/SkriptTimings.java
 ch.njol.skript.timings.SkriptTimings
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprName.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprName
ch/njol/skript/lang/UnparsedLiteral.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.UnparsedLiteral
ch/njol/util/coll/iterator/EmptyIterator.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.iterator.EmptyIterator
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprEnchantmentBonus.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEnchantmentBonus
ch/njol/skript/SkriptAddon.java
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptAddon
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtEntityTarget.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtEntityTarget
ch/njol/skript/util/visual/VisualEffects.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.visual.VisualEffects
ch/njol/skript/config/NodeMap.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.NodeMap
ch/njol/util/EnumTypeAdapter.java
 ch.njol.util.EnumTypeAdapter
 ch.njol.util.EnumTypeAdapter$1
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondProjectileCanBounce.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondProjectileCanBounce
ch/njol/skript/ServerPlatform.java
 ch.njol.skript.ServerPlatform
ch/njol/skript/log/BlockingLogHandler.java
 ch.njol.skript.log.BlockingLogHandler
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprRedstoneBlockPower.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprRedstoneBlockPower
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondHasRelationalVariable.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondHasRelationalVariable
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprAbsorbedBlocks.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprAbsorbedBlocks
ch/njol/skript/tests/runner/CondMinecraftVersion.java
 ch.njol.skript.tests.runner.CondMinecraftVersion
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprYawPitch.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprYawPitch
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprYawPitch$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprFallDistance.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFallDistance
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFallDistance$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffIncendiary.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffIncendiary
ch/njol/skript/events/bukkit/ScheduledNoWorldEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.bukkit.ScheduledNoWorldEvent
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprEventCancelled.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEventCancelled
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEventCancelled$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprIdOf.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprIdOf
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprIdOf$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprIdOf$2
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVectorLength.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorLength
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorLength$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffPlayerInfoVisibility.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffPlayerInfoVisibility
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprSpeed.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSpeed
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSpeed$1
ch/njol/skript/timings/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.timings.package-info
ch/njol/skript/lang/ExpressionInfo.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.ExpressionInfo
ch/njol/yggdrasil/util/package-info.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.util.package-info
ch/njol/skript/util/chat/SkriptChatCode.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.SkriptChatCode
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.SkriptChatCode$1
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.SkriptChatCode$10
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.SkriptChatCode$11
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.SkriptChatCode$12
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.SkriptChatCode$13
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.SkriptChatCode$2
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.SkriptChatCode$3
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.SkriptChatCode$4
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.SkriptChatCode$5
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.SkriptChatCode$6
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.SkriptChatCode$7
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.SkriptChatCode$8
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.SkriptChatCode$9
ch/njol/skript/lang/util/SimpleEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.util.SimpleEvent
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffScriptFile.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffScriptFile
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprTarget.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTarget
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTarget$1
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtGrow.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtGrow
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtGrow$1
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtGrow$2
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprUnixTicks.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprUnixTicks
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.package-info
ch/njol/skript/util/Timeperiod.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.Timeperiod
ch/njol/yggdrasil/YggdrasilException.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.YggdrasilException
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprNumberOfCharacters.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprNumberOfCharacters
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtPressurePlate.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtPressurePlate
ch/njol/skript/classes/data/DefaultFunctions.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$1
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$10
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$11
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$12
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$13
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$14
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$15
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$16
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$17
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$18
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$19
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$2
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$20
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$21
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$22
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$23
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$24
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$25
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$26
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$27
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$3
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$4
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$5
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$6
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$7
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$8
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultFunctions$9
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprInventoryAction.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprInventoryAction
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsUnbreakable.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsUnbreakable
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffSendBlockChange.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffSendBlockChange
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprArrowKnockbackStrength.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprArrowKnockbackStrength
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprArrowKnockbackStrength$1
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsOnGround.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsOnGround
ch/njol/skript/config/Option.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.Option
 ch.njol.skript.config.Option$1
 ch.njol.skript.config.Option$2
ch/njol/skript/aliases/AliasesParser.java
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.AliasesParser
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.AliasesParser$IntStack
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.AliasesParser$PatternSlot
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.AliasesParser$VariationSlot
ch/njol/skript/variables/Variables.java
 ch.njol.skript.variables.Variables
 ch.njol.skript.variables.Variables$1
 ch.njol.skript.variables.Variables$2
 ch.njol.skript.variables.Variables$3
 ch.njol.skript.variables.Variables$4
 ch.njol.skript.variables.Variables$VariableChange
ch/njol/skript/update/Updater.java
 ch.njol.skript.update.Updater
 ch.njol.skript.update.Updater$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprEnchantments.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEnchantments
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEnchantments$1
ch/njol/skript/conditions/base/PropertyCondition.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.base.PropertyCondition
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.base.PropertyCondition$1
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.base.PropertyCondition$PropertyType
ch/njol/skript/util/slot/ThrowableProjectileSlot.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.slot.ThrowableProjectileSlot
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprEnchantmentOfferCost.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEnchantmentOfferCost
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEnchantmentOfferCost$1
ch/njol/skript/tests/runner/SkriptTestEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.tests.runner.SkriptTestEvent
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/block/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.block.package-info
ch/njol/skript/SkriptUpdater.java
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptUpdater
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptUpdater$1
ch/njol/yggdrasil/DefaultYggdrasilInputStream.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.DefaultYggdrasilInputStream
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.DefaultYggdrasilInputStream$1
ch/njol/skript/lang/function/ExprFunctionCall.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.function.ExprFunctionCall
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprExplosionBlockYield.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprExplosionBlockYield
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprExplosionBlockYield$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprPushedBlocks.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPushedBlocks
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/BukkitUnsafe.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.BukkitUnsafe
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.BukkitUnsafe$1
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.BukkitUnsafe$2
ch/njol/skript/util/chat/ChatCode.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.chat.ChatCode
ch/njol/skript/log/CountingLogHandler.java
 ch.njol.skript.log.CountingLogHandler
ch/njol/skript/registrations/Converters.java
 ch.njol.skript.registrations.Converters
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffEquip.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffEquip
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprJoinSplit.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprJoinSplit
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtMove.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtMove
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprMinecartDerailedFlyingVelocity.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMinecartDerailedFlyingVelocity
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMinecartDerailedFlyingVelocity$1
ch/njol/skript/lang/parser/ParserInstance.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.parser.ParserInstance
 ch.njol.skript.lang.parser.ParserInstance$Data
ch/njol/util/coll/BidiHashMap.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.BidiHashMap
ch/njol/util/VectorMath.java
 ch.njol.util.VectorMath
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondHasMetadata.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondHasMetadata
ch/njol/util/Kleenean.java
 ch.njol.util.Kleenean
ch/njol/skript/entity/OcelotData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.OcelotData
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/EntityUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.EntityUtils
ch/njol/skript/config/EnumParser.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.EnumParser
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprIP.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprIP
ch/njol/skript/classes/data/DefaultComparators.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$1
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$10
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$11
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$12
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$13
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$14
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$15
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$16
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$17
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$18
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$19
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$2
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$20
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$21
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$22
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$23
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$24
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$25
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$26
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$27
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$28
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$29
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$3
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$30
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$31
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$32
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$4
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$5
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$6
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$7
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$8
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultComparators$9
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprGameRule.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprGameRule
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprItemAmount.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprItemAmount
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprItemAmount$1
ch/njol/skript/hooks/permission/expressions/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.permission.expressions.package-info
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsVectorNormalized.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsVectorNormalized
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprArgument.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprArgument
ch/njol/skript/util/AsyncEffect.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.AsyncEffect
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprPlayerWeather.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPlayerWeather
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/block/NewBlockCompat.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.block.NewBlockCompat
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.block.NewBlockCompat$NewBlockSetter
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.block.NewBlockCompat$NewBlockValues
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffDoIf.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffDoIf
ch/njol/skript/log/Verbosity.java
 ch.njol.skript.log.Verbosity
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprDifficulty.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprDifficulty
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsBanned.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsBanned
ch/njol/skript/util/slot/CursorSlot.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.slot.CursorSlot
ch/njol/yggdrasil/xml/package-info.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.xml.package-info
ch/njol/skript/lang/function/Functions.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.function.Functions
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprExplosiveYield.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprExplosiveYield
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprExplosiveYield$1
ch/njol/skript/hooks/economy/classes/Money.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.economy.classes.Money
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.economy.classes.Money$1
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.economy.classes.Money$2
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.economy.classes.Money$3
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.economy.classes.Money$4
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.economy.classes.Money$5
ch/njol/skript/tests/runner/EffAssert.java
 ch.njol.skript.tests.runner.EffAssert
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLastLoginTime.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLastLoginTime
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprTernary.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTernary
ch/njol/skript/lang/function/FunctionEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.function.FunctionEvent
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVelocity.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVelocity
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVelocity$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprTimes.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTimes
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffVectorRotateAroundAnother.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffVectorRotateAroundAnother
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprItemWithLore.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprItemWithLore
ch/njol/skript/events/SimpleEvents.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.SimpleEvents
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprEnchantingExpCost.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEnchantingExpCost
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEnchantingExpCost$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprMendingRepairAmount.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMendingRepairAmount
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMendingRepairAmount$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffCommand.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffCommand
ch/njol/skript/lang/SelfRegisteringSkriptEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.SelfRegisteringSkriptEvent
ch/njol/skript/aliases/MaterialRegistry.java
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.MaterialRegistry
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprSortedList.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSortedList
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLastLoadedServerIcon.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLastLoadedServerIcon
ch/njol/skript/SkriptConfig.java
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptConfig
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptConfig$1
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptConfig$10
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptConfig$11
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptConfig$12
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptConfig$2
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptConfig$3
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptConfig$4
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptConfig$5
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptConfig$6
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptConfig$7
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptConfig$8
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptConfig$9
ch/njol/skript/doc/Events.java
 ch.njol.skript.doc.Events
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprHealReason.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprHealReason
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffShoot.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffShoot
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondPermission.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondPermission
ch/njol/yggdrasil/YggdrasilSerializable.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.YggdrasilSerializable
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.YggdrasilSerializable$YggdrasilExtendedSerializable
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.YggdrasilSerializable$YggdrasilRobustEnum
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.YggdrasilSerializable$YggdrasilRobustSerializable
ch/njol/skript/lang/SkriptParser.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.SkriptParser
 ch.njol.skript.lang.SkriptParser$ExprInfo
 ch.njol.skript.lang.SkriptParser$MalformedPatternException
 ch.njol.skript.lang.SkriptParser$ParseResult
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprWeather.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprWeather
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprWeather$1
ch/njol/skript/variables/TypeHints.java
 ch.njol.skript.variables.TypeHints
ch/njol/skript/events/bukkit/ScheduledEvent.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.bukkit.ScheduledEvent
 ch.njol.skript.events.bukkit.ScheduledEvent$1
ch/njol/skript/lang/function/FunctionReference.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.function.FunctionReference
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/block/BlockSetter.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.block.BlockSetter
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffExplosion.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffExplosion
ch/njol/skript/config/Node.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.Node
ch/njol/yggdrasil/SimpleClassResolver.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.SimpleClassResolver
ch/njol/skript/entity/HorseData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.HorseData
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprSlotIndex.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSlotIndex
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtFirework.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtFirework
ch/njol/skript/util/AABB.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.AABB
 ch.njol.skript.util.AABB$1
ch/njol/skript/config/SimpleNode.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.SimpleNode
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprColoured.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprColoured
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprColoured$1
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsEnchanted.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsEnchanted
ch/njol/skript/lang/SyntaxElementInfo.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.SyntaxElementInfo
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVectorArithmetic.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorArithmetic
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorArithmetic$Operator
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorArithmetic$Operator$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorArithmetic$Operator$2
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorArithmetic$Operator$3
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorArithmetic$Operator$4
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprEntities.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEntities
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEntities$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffOpenInventory.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffOpenInventory
ch/njol/skript/events/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.package-info
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprHumidity.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprHumidity
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/block/BlockCompat.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.block.BlockCompat
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtPlantGrowth.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtPlantGrowth
ch/njol/skript/util/slot/SlotWithIndex.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.slot.SlotWithIndex
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprIndexOf.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprIndexOf
ch/njol/skript/localization/RegexMessage.java
 ch.njol.skript.localization.RegexMessage
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtBookSign.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtBookSign
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/RegionsPlugin.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.RegionsPlugin
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.RegionsPlugin$1
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/WorldGuardHook.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.WorldGuardHook
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.WorldGuardHook$WorldGuardRegion
ch/njol/skript/entity/ParrotData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.ParrotData
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLoopValue.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLoopValue
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLoopValue$1
ch/njol/skript/log/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.log.package-info
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/block/BlockValues.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.block.BlockValues
ch/njol/skript/tests/runner/TestFunctions.java
 ch.njol.skript.tests.runner.TestFunctions
 ch.njol.skript.tests.runner.TestFunctions$1
ch/njol/util/coll/iterator/EmptyIterable.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.iterator.EmptyIterable
ch/njol/skript/util/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.package-info
ch/njol/skript/util/GameruleValue.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.GameruleValue
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprAffectedEntities.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprAffectedEntities
ch/njol/skript/config/Config.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.Config
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVectorAngleBetween.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorAngleBetween
ch/njol/skript/hooks/biomes/BiomeMapUtil.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.biomes.BiomeMapUtil
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.biomes.BiomeMapUtil$To19Mapping
ch/njol/skript/entity/FallingBlockData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.FallingBlockData
 ch.njol.skript.entity.FallingBlockData$1
ch/njol/skript/entity/PandaData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.PandaData
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffChargeCreeper.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffChargeCreeper
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsWhitelisted.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsWhitelisted
ch/njol/skript/lang/SyntaxElement.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.SyntaxElement
ch/njol/skript/aliases/ScriptAliases.java
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.ScriptAliases
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprFormatTime.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFormatTime
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFormatTime$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprGlowing.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprGlowing
ch/njol/skript/expressions/base/EventValueExpression.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.base.EventValueExpression
ch/njol/skript/hooks/biomes/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.biomes.package-info
ch/njol/skript/util/Version.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.Version
ch/njol/skript/lang/LiteralList.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.LiteralList
ch/njol/skript/lang/Trigger.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.Trigger
ch/njol/skript/aliases/AliasesMap.java
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.AliasesMap
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.AliasesMap$AliasData
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.AliasesMap$Match
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.AliasesMap$MaterialEntry
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtCommand.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtCommand
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprNow.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprNow
ch/njol/skript/tests/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.tests.package-info
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLocation.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLocation
ch/njol/skript/lang/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.package-info
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondStartsEndsWith.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondStartsEndsWith
ch/njol/skript/aliases/Aliases.java
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.Aliases
ch/njol/skript/command/ScriptCommand.java
 ch.njol.skript.command.ScriptCommand
 ch.njol.skript.command.ScriptCommand$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprDefaultValue.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprDefaultValue
ch/njol/skript/lang/While.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.While
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprRandomNumber.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprRandomNumber
ch/njol/skript/util/slot/ItemFrameSlot.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.slot.ItemFrameSlot
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffVisualEffect.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffVisualEffect
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/GriefPreventionHook.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.GriefPreventionHook
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.GriefPreventionHook$GriefPreventionRegion
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffCancelDrops.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffCancelDrops
ch/njol/skript/lang/function/ScriptFunction.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.function.ScriptFunction
ch/njol/skript/registrations/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.registrations.package-info
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprSpectatorTarget.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSpectatorTarget
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSpectatorTarget$1
ch/njol/util/Validate.java
 ch.njol.util.Validate
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprBlocks.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprBlocks
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprCoordinate.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprCoordinate
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprCoordinate$1
ch/njol/skript/SkriptCommand.java
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptCommand
ch/njol/skript/util/slot/EquipmentSlot.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.slot.EquipmentSlot
 ch.njol.skript.util.slot.EquipmentSlot$EquipSlot
 ch.njol.skript.util.slot.EquipmentSlot$EquipSlot$1
 ch.njol.skript.util.slot.EquipmentSlot$EquipSlot$2
 ch.njol.skript.util.slot.EquipmentSlot$EquipSlot$3
 ch.njol.skript.util.slot.EquipmentSlot$EquipSlot$4
 ch.njol.skript.util.slot.EquipmentSlot$EquipSlot$5
 ch.njol.skript.util.slot.EquipmentSlot$EquipSlot$6
ch/njol/skript/registrations/EventValues.java
 ch.njol.skript.registrations.EventValues
 ch.njol.skript.registrations.EventValues$1
 ch.njol.skript.registrations.EventValues$2
 ch.njol.skript.registrations.EventValues$3
 ch.njol.skript.registrations.EventValues$EventValueInfo
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprPotionEffect.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPotionEffect
ch/njol/yggdrasil/YggdrasilInputStream.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.YggdrasilInputStream
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.YggdrasilInputStream$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprEyeLocation.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEyeLocation
ch/njol/skript/lang/VariableString.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.VariableString
ch/njol/skript/util/StructureType.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.StructureType
 ch.njol.skript.util.StructureType$1
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/ItemUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.ItemUtils
ch/njol/skript/classes/Serializer.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Serializer
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/events/EvtRegionBorder.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.events.EvtRegionBorder
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.events.EvtRegionBorder$1
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.events.EvtRegionBorder$2
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.events.EvtRegionBorder$3
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.events.EvtRegionBorder$4
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.events.EvtRegionBorder$5
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.events.EvtRegionBorder$6
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.events.EvtRegionBorder$7
ch/njol/skript/util/SkriptColor.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.SkriptColor
ch/njol/skript/util/Container.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.Container
 ch.njol.skript.util.Container$ContainerType
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffBroadcast.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffBroadcast
ch/njol/skript/lang/Effect.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.Effect
ch/njol/skript/doc/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.doc.package-info
ch/njol/skript/entity/WolfData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.WolfData
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprEnchantItem.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEnchantItem
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEnchantItem$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/IndeterminateDelay.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.IndeterminateDelay
 ch.njol.skript.effects.IndeterminateDelay$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffReplace.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffReplace
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffVehicle.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffVehicle
ch/njol/skript/hooks/VaultHook.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.VaultHook
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprScripts.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprScripts
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsBlocking.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsBlocking
ch/njol/skript/aliases/MaterialName.java
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.MaterialName
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprShooter.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprShooter
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprShooter$1
ch/njol/skript/entity/TropicalFishData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.TropicalFishData
ch/njol/skript/expressions/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.package-info
ch/njol/util/coll/iterator/ImprovedIterator.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.iterator.ImprovedIterator
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprTimeSince.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTimeSince
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprElement.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprElement
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffPush.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffPush
ch/njol/skript/SkriptEventHandler.java
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptEventHandler
 ch.njol.skript.SkriptEventHandler$PriorityListener
ch/njol/skript/lang/Condition.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.Condition
ch/njol/skript/classes/ChainedConverter.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.ChainedConverter
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprArrowPierceLevel.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprArrowPierceLevel
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprArrowPierceLevel$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprPing.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPing
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondCanSee.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondCanSee
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtDamage.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtDamage
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffPotion.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffPotion
ch/njol/skript/tests/platform/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.tests.platform.package-info
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVersionString.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVersionString
ch/njol/skript/classes/Cloner.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Cloner
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprChunk.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprChunk
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprChunk$1
ch/njol/skript/variables/FlatFileStorage.java
 ch.njol.skript.variables.FlatFileStorage
 ch.njol.skript.variables.FlatFileStorage$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffMakeSay.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffMakeSay
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprArrowsStuck.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprArrowsStuck
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprArrowsStuck$1
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtResourcePackResponse.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtResourcePackResponse
ch/njol/skript/aliases/InvalidMinecraftIdException.java
 ch.njol.skript.aliases.InvalidMinecraftIdException
ch/njol/skript/classes/SerializableChanger.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.SerializableChanger
ch/njol/util/Closeable.java
 ch.njol.util.Closeable
ch/njol/skript/entity/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.package-info
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtScript.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtScript
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprInventorySlot.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprInventorySlot
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprTimePlayed.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTimePlayed
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTimePlayed$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/base/WrapperExpression.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.base.WrapperExpression
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.base.WrapperExpression$1
ch/njol/skript/update/UpdaterState.java
 ch.njol.skript.update.UpdaterState
ch/njol/skript/util/Patterns.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.Patterns
ch/njol/skript/classes/data/DefaultConverters.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$1
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$10
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$11
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$12
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$13
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$14
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$15
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$16
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$17
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$18
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$19
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$2
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$20
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$21
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$22
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$23
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$24
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$3
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$4
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$5
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$6
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$7
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$8
 ch.njol.skript.classes.data.DefaultConverters$9
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/expressions/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.expressions.package-info
ch/njol/skript/update/ReleaseStatus.java
 ch.njol.skript.update.ReleaseStatus
ch/njol/skript/lang/function/Namespace.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.function.Namespace
 ch.njol.skript.lang.function.Namespace$Key
 ch.njol.skript.lang.function.Namespace$Origin
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsLoaded.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsLoaded
ch/njol/skript/util/PotionDataUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.PotionDataUtils
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsTransparent.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsTransparent
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprEnchantmentOffer.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEnchantmentOffer
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprEnchantmentOffer$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprMaxMinecartSpeed.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMaxMinecartSpeed
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprMaxMinecartSpeed$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffFeed.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffFeed
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprCustomModelData.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprCustomModelData
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprCustomModelData$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprCommand.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprCommand
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/CommandReloader.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.CommandReloader
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprCreeperMaxFuseTicks.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprCreeperMaxFuseTicks
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprCreeperMaxFuseTicks$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprCompassTarget.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprCompassTarget
ch/njol/skript/command/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.command.package-info
ch/njol/skript/classes/EnumSerializer.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.EnumSerializer
ch/njol/skript/util/EnumUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.EnumUtils
 ch.njol.skript.util.EnumUtils$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVersion.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVersion
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVersion$VersionType
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVersion$VersionType$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVersion$VersionType$2
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVersion$VersionType$3
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffLeash.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffLeash
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffKill.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffKill
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprItemWithCustomModelData.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprItemWithCustomModelData
ch/njol/skript/entity/RabbitData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.RabbitData
 ch.njol.skript.entity.RabbitData$1
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffHealth.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffHealth
ch/njol/skript/events/EvtBookEdit.java
 ch.njol.skript.events.EvtBookEdit
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprAlphabetList.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprAlphabetList
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprGravity.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprGravity
ch/njol/skript/expressions/LitNewLine.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.LitNewLine
ch/njol/util/coll/iterator/package-info.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.iterator.package-info
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprFertilizedBlocks.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprFertilizedBlocks
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprAllCommands.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprAllCommands
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLightLevel.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLightLevel
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLightLevel$1
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsSkriptCommand.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsSkriptCommand
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprAltitude.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprAltitude
ch/njol/skript/log/RetainingLogHandler.java
 ch.njol.skript.log.RetainingLogHandler
ch/njol/skript/classes/Comparator.java
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Comparator
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Comparator$1
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Comparator$2
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Comparator$ComparatorInfo
 ch.njol.skript.classes.Comparator$Relation
ch/njol/skript/util/ColorRGB.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.ColorRGB
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/Workarounds.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.Workarounds
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.Workarounds$1
ch/njol/skript/util/FishingStates.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.FishingStates
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVehicle.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVehicle
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVehicle$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprRemainingAir.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprRemainingAir
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprRemainingAir$1
ch/njol/skript/entity/GuardianData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.GuardianData
ch/njol/util/coll/iterator/NonNullIterator.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.iterator.NonNullIterator
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVectorDotProduct.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorDotProduct
ch/njol/skript/lang/Statement.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.Statement
ch/njol/yggdrasil/YggdrasilSerializer.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.YggdrasilSerializer
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsRiding.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsRiding
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffIgnite.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffIgnite
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffIgnite$1
ch/njol/util/coll/ReversedListView.java
 ch.njol.util.coll.ReversedListView
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprDateAgoLater.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprDateAgoLater
ch/njol/skript/command/Commands.java
 ch.njol.skript.command.Commands
 ch.njol.skript.command.Commands$1
 ch.njol.skript.command.Commands$2
 ch.njol.skript.command.Commands$3
 ch.njol.skript.command.Commands$3$1
 ch.njol.skript.command.Commands$4
 ch.njol.skript.command.Commands$CommandAliasHelpTopic
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffShear.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffShear
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/classes/Region.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.classes.Region
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.classes.Region$1
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.classes.Region$2
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.classes.Region$3
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondScriptLoaded.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondScriptLoaded
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprLocationFromVector.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprLocationFromVector
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprVectorYawPitch.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorYawPitch
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprVectorYawPitch$1
ch/njol/skript/config/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.config.package-info
ch/njol/skript/effects/EffVectorRotateXYZ.java
 ch.njol.skript.effects.EffVectorRotateXYZ
ch/njol/skript/expressions/base/SimplePropertyExpression.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.base.SimplePropertyExpression
ch/njol/util/Pair.java
 ch.njol.util.Pair
ch/njol/skript/bukkitutil/PlayerUtils.java
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.PlayerUtils
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.PlayerUtils$1
 ch.njol.skript.bukkitutil.PlayerUtils$2
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprAmountOfItems.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprAmountOfItems
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprSaturation.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSaturation
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSaturation$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSaturation$2
ch/njol/skript/lang/parser/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.lang.parser.package-info
ch/njol/skript/hooks/permission/expressions/ExprAllGroups.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.permission.expressions.ExprAllGroups
ch/njol/skript/util/slot/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.slot.package-info
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsOccluding.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsOccluding
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprSpecialNumber.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprSpecialNumber
ch/njol/util/Math2.java
 ch.njol.util.Math2
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprServerIcon.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprServerIcon
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprServerIcon$1
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprBlockData.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprBlockData
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprPlayerViewDistance.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPlayerViewDistance
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPlayerViewDistance$1
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprPlayerViewDistance$2
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprTargetedBlock.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTargetedBlock
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprTargetedBlock$1
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsTameable.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsTameable
ch/njol/skript/entity/EndermanData.java
 ch.njol.skript.entity.EndermanData
 ch.njol.skript.entity.EndermanData$1
ch/njol/skript/util/visual/ParticleOption.java
 ch.njol.skript.util.visual.ParticleOption
ch/njol/skript/expressions/LitConsole.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.LitConsole
ch/njol/skript/update/UpdateChecker.java
 ch.njol.skript.update.UpdateChecker
ch/njol/skript/expressions/ExprCmdCooldownInfo.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprCmdCooldownInfo
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.ExprCmdCooldownInfo$1
ch/njol/yggdrasil/ClassResolver.java
 ch.njol.yggdrasil.ClassResolver
ch/njol/skript/log/FilteringLogHandler.java
 ch.njol.skript.log.FilteringLogHandler
ch/njol/skript/conditions/CondIsFlammable.java
 ch.njol.skript.conditions.CondIsFlammable
ch/njol/skript/expressions/arithmetic/ArithmeticChain.java
 ch.njol.skript.expressions.arithmetic.ArithmeticChain
ch/njol/skript/hooks/regions/expressions/ExprRegionsAt.java
 ch.njol.skript.hooks.regions.expressions.ExprRegionsAt
ch/njol/skript/package-info.java
 ch.njol.skript.package-info
ch/njol/util/LoggerFilter.java
 ch.njol.util.LoggerFilter
